Add a new concept page for service accounts (#38289)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/jwt.md

---
title: JSON Web Token (JWT)
id: jwt
date: 2022-12-06
full_link: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7519
short_description: >

>   A digitally signed JSON object that can be used for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An authentication token format based on JSON data.
```

Author: Done

Reviewer: This suggestion is pending.

Author: Weird, thought I committed it. done now.

aka:
tags:
- security
- architecture
---

>  A JSON object that can be digitally signed and used for authentication.

Reviewer: BTW, JWTs are _not_ JSON objects. Usually they contain three separate JSON objects in a [custom format](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7516#page-8).

Author: Applied your suggestion. is the "digitally signed" thing needed?

Reviewer: I'd include it. JWT signing is an important feature.

<!--more-->

> Kubernetes uses JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) to verify the identity of objects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kubernetes can use JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) to verify the identity of objects
```

Author: Done

---
title: JSON Web Token (JWT)
id: jwt
date: 2023-01-17
full_link: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7519
short_description: >
  An authentication token format based on JSON data. JWTs can be digitally

>   signed.

Reviewer 3: They can also be encrypted. But they are not an _authentication_ token format, they are "means of representing claims to be transferred between two parties", to quote the linked RFC.

I would remove the second sentence and just replace the original description from the one from the RFC.

Author: Done, although I expanded the "more" section to explain how Kubernetes typically uses it
